For Game Design

Robot - setup 

wizard - additional setup

knockback direction away from hitbox

update dungeon level

test menu selection boxes for all 4 players, test win screen delay timer

look into character selection with analog input

//---------done--------------//

Start/Quit Menu - donne
player "Ready" - done
add timer to win screen - done, not tested
add menu selct boxes for all players - done

serialize additional fields such as hitstun/blockstun duration - done
player interrupt - implement - done
camera - done

bonus - make menu code less dumb

Other Assesments:

AI

	AGENTS

		Humanoid, limited movement, highest speed, needs keys to open doors to progress

		Ogre, - can wade through water due to height, smashes some obstacles (these obstacles ignored on their navmesh and have triggers to destory on collision)

		Spider, able to jump over some obstacles, or onto top of walls

	OBSTACLES

		water (plane at set level) - deep or shallow, Ogre able to traverse shallow - probably using navmesh modifier volumes at ste heights to implememnt this

		walls - breakable or not, Ogre can traverse through breakable and this will "destroy" them so that ather agents can then traverse. depending on height spider can jump onto
		
		lava - just not part of the navmesh (AI will not traverse)

	BEHAVIOURS

		 human - always move to next "objective" (key door or exit) - agent must collect "key" in areas to progress, agent has a "panic" level which determines if they go for the treasure

		Ogre, will move in general direction of human (pick random point within x distance of human), if within "hearing" range (just a set distance)  then this is more accurate, if within line of site ogre moves directly to player

		spider will patrol within a set distance of their starting location unless line of site is obtained to human, if no line of site will continue to last seen position then resume patrol unless line of site is reestablished 
		
		
		
HANGMAN - make game? - confirm what other documentation/etc has to be done first

INTOR TO UNITY  part 1 compare - Blender vs ProBuild

1. Blender - 3d modelling and rendering, Probuild - Basic modeling in Unity Editor primarily for protyping 

2. Probuild - Pro, immediacy of seeing object in editor immediatly. little/no learning curve as users typically already adept with unity editor

Blender - professional level tool for mnaking final/high quality assets, feature rich, ? cons - learning curve, have to import, for unity slightly confusing as x/y axis are flipped around

3. Blender, a chosen due to cost vs Maya and feature set vs Unity (Also as I have no prior experience and would like to learn something). Used for creating deatiled "final" assests.

4. Manual, website, youtube (Donut tutorial)

explain how selected software (Blender) is relevent to the demoiinstration and the industry.

Find and cite sources and archives of information for learning abuot modelling and animation (blender specific - Donut tutorial, blender manual ) others

Part 1 Task 2. - Planning demonstration

Intro - who I am, why doing this
uses of software, touch on things not covered now due to time constraints

Install - 

Open / New Project
Basic layout
navigation 
object/edit modes
editing mesh (Simple)
texture/materials/animation ?
save/load/import



--------------------------------------

VR THING - do it

ICT - support table

Intent is for game feedback, but requests cover much more than this, multiple points of contact are required, or at least the option for users to categorise requests so they can be filtered to correct person/dept

tickets have not been assigned for at least 5 days, a number of tickets are related to outage on the 6th which appears to have been resolved (as per feedback on additional ticket logged by same user that first reported the outage), but days later these requests are still marked as ongoing because nobody has been assigned them.

A number of requests are very light on detail, this is likely due to only custoemr field the customer has being "Subject", need to add another field to prompt for more details, particularly in the case of technical requests.

feedback page should have link to game manualk, faq, and login server status pages to allow customers to poptentially resolve issues   



